guys dance or sighs here back with
another video today i am doing the
unboxing of the century well at least
for me because i just got my new laptop
and yeah it's gonna be pretty awesome so
i'm just going to do a little quick
unboxing i've been so excited to do this
video I've been waiting for months to
get this beautiful device and so yeah
let's get started now this one is a aces
computer laptop whatever you want to
call it and yeah I don't know the exact
version but i'll leave in the
description below so let's go Oh is open
guys is open that's a good sign and
there it is there it is okay let's let's
go start we've got the cord the turn
charging cord but this is the real
beauty right here so yeah let me take
this out real quick got some little
sheets of paper room right there but
that's not what we're focusing on this
oh so smooth so sweet okay oh ok I got
it your favor ah
Oh as you can see it has that beautiful
screen has a camera right there as the
little touch pad and as you can see I
five so that's that's pretty good or
intel core i5 and if it's i 5 r i7 it's
pretty good i was lucky and got this one
for kind of cheap but yeah as you can
see right here there is the little disk
thing where you can insert your DVD
thing right there inside then there's
all the buttons though that light up
when you have it on and right here you
could say this see it has a lot of
available ports like 123 and all that
stuff as a little plug right there
beautiful device right here this let's
see this again oh yeah so smooth so
brand spanking new buy some stuff on the
bottom so yeah today is a short video I
just want y'all to show didn't wanted to
show you all this and this means that
i'm going to be doing more uh I'm gonna
have more videos coming out because i
have my own device and don't have to
rely on anybody else and yeah and this
also means i'm going to start recording
more or some godiva me and started so i
can't say more by and start recording
some mcpc minecraft pc version and so
yeah because i'm looking forward to that
with our is Falcon 07 and that's about
all a light can subscribe if you want to
leave a comment down below
in the comment section yeah okay so yeah
and tell me if you want to see more of
these unboxings but yeah that's about
all okay guys always remember be amazing